# Meeting 2021/10/17:
Attendees: Sonia, Matias, Samarth and Sebastian 

## Agenda:
* Go over deliverables for A2
* Delegate responsibilities with due dates

## Minutes:

### Things we need to get done for A2
1. Need to convert the provided XML form to JSON 
2. Implement form validation that adheres to what the FHIR model accepts 
3. Need to create UI with form. 
4. Need to write tests where necessary 


### Assigning responsibilities 
1. Matias: Responsible for converting the PDF human readable form Alex provided into a react form. 
2. Sonia: Work on converting the provided XML form to JSON and attach meeting minutes to the repository. 
3. Samarth: Work on converting the provided XML form to JSON with Sonia (as it is quite lengthy)
4. Sebastian: Work on form validation so that it adheres to FHIR standards. 


### Post Mortem Rough Discussion 
* We achieved milestone 0 which was our goal for A1. 
* We wanted to crate an additional code convention document but we missed that. We will be tackling this for the next deliverable. 
* We didn't get any feedback that forces us to adjust our development plan. 
* Alex reviewed the scope of our project and approved it so we generally seem on track. 