# Meeting 2021/10/11:
Attendees: Sonia, Matias, Samarth

## Agenda: 
1. Discuss Alex’s feedback 
2. Set action items for upcoming week 

## Minutes:
* Alex’s feedback stipulated it would be nice to add a coding convention document, so we know what our practices are for this repository. 
* Alex also suggested we give more thought to the testing for milestone 2. 
* We will likely try to tackle two milestones for the next deliverable.
* Having difficulty planning ahead as A2 hasn't been released yet. Setting a timeline is tricky.

## Action items: 
* We should talk to the TA about deciding which milestones to tackle for the next deliverable. 
* Talk to the TA about Alex's feedback in our upcoming meeting. 

