# Meeting 2021/09/26:
Attendees: Sonia, Samarth, Matias. (Sebastian is absent as he had to work). 

## Agenda:
- Introductions 
- Assessing expertise in development
- Discussing hardware limitations (if any)
- Setting TODOs for the upcoming week
- Discussing questions we have about the project so far

## Minutes:
- Introductions :) 
- Getting a sense of where we’re at with understanding the project. So far, we have only skimmed the documentation.  
- We need more time to understand what FHIR is. 
- We are setting some TODOs in terms of the research we need to do. We all need to watch the one hour primer before next meeting. 
- Everyone should read the links provided in the description of the assignment by our next meeting on WEDNESDAY. 
- Setting some TODOs in terms of the research we need to do and try to reconvene later in the week. 
- Assessing what we know about developing web apps. Samarth knows some Docker. 
- Everyone else is familiar with web development (have taken CSC309 or equivalent experience).
- Hardware limitations: Matias’ and Sonia’s laptop are in the marginal category of what we filled in for the background survey. But, we should be fine. 
- We should talk to the project representative with regards to identifying requirements, as we can’t get that much information from the one line description so far. 

## Action Items:
- Do research on the links posted in the assignment by Wednesday
- Try to think about the tech stack so we can discuss it in the next meeting and development plan. 
- Scheduling meeting for Wednesday 29th at 3pm. 
- Try to talk to Alex during class tomorrow in a breakout room to get some more specific requirements - as the project description is a one-liner right now. 
